In this tutorial we will explore business intelligence tools for all e-tail process.
We will rely on Sosias for ss d t be-I with M-S vs shell.
Sounds confusing right.
Actually as you will see just now it's very easy.
And by the way after this tutorial you will be an expert in Microsoft acronyms so there is something
to look forward to.
Let's look at the acronyms one by one MSP S stands for Microsoft Visual Studio and it looks like this
.
In case you haven't heard of Visual Studio before it's a great software where you can program in C++
C-Sharp create apps build software and much more.
We won't be needing all of that.
We will only require the business intelligence tools in Visual Studio.
Think of it this way.
For working with the database we use a secure server management studio.
Similarly we will be using Visual Studio for managing our e-tail process.
The reason it's called Shell is because we will be using the full Visual Studio.
The shell contains just enough user interface to allow us to work with the B package.
All right so we've sorted out the MSVS abbreviation.
Let's look at the next one.
S as d TBI stands for sequel server daughter tools business intelligence.
Some fun facts about ss d TBI.
It was previously called bits which stands for business intelligence development studio.
Then Microsoft changed the name to ss d TBI.
However as the TBI is not the same thing as simply as as dirty as it is used for building databases
it comes with this Consolacion SSD TBI is for building SOSIAS.
SS as an SSR as solutions what I meant about Microsoft acronyms.
By the way you will quite often see SS at the start of an abbreviation usually stands for Sequel studio
.
And this leads us to the next screen shot.
This is how SS The TBI looks like inside Microsoft Visual Studio.
As you can see here it has three components analysis services integration services and reporting services
.
Let's have a look at them in more detail.
The three components of SS The TBI SS A-S is then Alliss services and it's used for analyzing data Sosias
is integration services and it's used for the e-tail process and SRS is the reporting services and it's
used for visualizing data the components eliciting of the medical order.
Let's put them on a diagram so it all makes more sense.
Here's a diagram which takes raw data and converts into insides.
This journey has four steps Sosias fits in at the start.
When we do they eat pale face.
Then once the data is in the database we would use SS A-S to analyze it and s s r s to visualize it
.
That's Microsoft's proposed approach and a lot of be-I departments in organizations worldwide use these
exact tools.
In fact maybe even your company's be-I team works like that.
However as data scientists we have different objectives which cannot be met with just these tools.
We need more sophisticated tools tailored to our type of work.
That's why in the Analise step instead of SS A-S we would be using tools like our Python and so on.
And in the visualized step instead of SS arest we would use much more powerful exhiliration tools like
Tablo.
However there is some good news.
SS Ayas meets our requirements for the e-tail process just fine.
And that's why we will stick with it.
And to sum up for today we will be using an M-S vs shell to run SSD TBI because we need Sosias to perform
our e-tail.
Hope you are much more comfortable with these acronyms now and in the next tutorial we will install
the MSBA shell with SSD TBI